c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.dll.config
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.pdb
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.dll
c:\users\rodrigo.aires\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.pdb
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.dll.config
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.pdb
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.dll
C:\Users\rodrigo.aires\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ResizeMaxWH - Copy\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.pdb
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.dll.config
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.pdb
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\ResizeMaxWH\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.pdb
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.dll.config
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\ResizeMaxWH.pdb
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.dll
C:\Users\Rodrigo\Source\Repos\Image-resizer\ResizeMaxWH\obj\Debug\ResizeMaxWH.pdb
